---
source: snapchat-data-export
date_processed: 2026-04-10
category: messages
conversation_id: 067aa97f-00ea-3c43-acf5-d110a9bae336
display_name: 067aa97f-00ea-3c43-acf5-d110a9bae336
message_count: 3
date_range: November 20, 2020 → November 20, 2020
---

# 067aa97f-00ea-3c43-acf5-d110a9bae336

**Type:** Direct
**Messages:** 3
**Date range:** November 20, 2020 → November 20, 2020

---

## Messages

**November 20, 2020 at 6:00 PM UTC** — **egwhiteside22**:  
Lesson 38:
Elsa will complete her homework quickly, so she finished with plenty of time. She want to get done early so that she would have time to practice her routine. Elsa have cheerleading practice later that day, so she wanted to make sure she knew her cheer. She had been practice for nearly an hour outside when her mother yells that it was time to come in. 

Lesson 39:
Bob will wash the car quickly, so he finished with plenty of time. He intends to finish early so that he had time to get ready for tonight's game. As the quarterback for his football team, Bob is wanting to make sure he was ready. He got to the field early, so he would had time to warm up.

Bob had washed the car quickly, so he finished with plenty of time. He intended to finish early so that he had time to get ready for tonight’s game. As the quarterback for his football team, Bob had wanted to make sure he was ready. He got to the field early, so he would have time to warm up.

Lesson 40: 

Theme Analysis (complete sentence)


Textual example 1: It is always good to treat yourself once in a while. 
 Textual explanation 1: Mrs. Sommers decides to take away from whatever she thinks and to treat herself well. She decides to buy herself silk stockings, good shoes, a pair of gloves, etc...
Textual example 2: It is good to focus on others, but yourself is important, too. 
Textual explanation 2. She focuses on her children first, and makes them new clothing and sailor hats. 
Textual example 3: Not everyone is t

**November 20, 2020 at 6:01 PM UTC** — **egwhiteside22**:  
“not everyone is thinking what you think”

**November 20, 2020 at 6:01 PM UTC** — **egwhiteside22**:  
textual explanation 3: When Mrs. Sommers entered the restaurant worried about her appearance, no one looked at her in shock. Every one thought she looked fine
